Match3 example (#4515)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: com.unity.ml-agents.extensions/Documentation~/Match3.md

# Match-3 Game Support

> We provide some utilities to make integration with Match-3 games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide some utilities to integrate ML-Agents with Match-3 games.
```

## AbstractBoard class

> The AbstractBoard is the bridge between ML-Agents and your game. It allows ML-Agents to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AbstractBoard` is the bridge between ML-Agents and your game. It allows ML-Agents to
```

> * ask your game what the "color" at a row and column is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ask your game what the "color" of a cell is
```

* ask your game whether a move is allowed

> * request that your game make a move
> These are handled by implementing the `GetCellType()`, `IsMoveValid()`, and `MakeMove()` abstract methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* request that your game make a move

These are handled by implementing the `GetCellType()`, `IsMoveValid()`, and `MakeMove()` abstract methods.
```

The AbstractBoard also tracks the number of rows, columns, and potential piece types that the board can have.

> ### `public abstract int GetCellType(int row, int col)`

Reviewer: These look a little big. I would put them in a list or add an extra # to make them smaller

> Returns the "type" of piece at the given row and column.

Reviewer: I think you mentioned color before. Maybe say "type"/"color" instead of just "type"

This should be between 0 and NumCellTypes-1 (inclusive).

### `public abstract bool IsMoveValid(Move m)`

> Check whether the particular Move is valid for the game.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check whether the particular `Move` is valid for the game.
```
Maybe also link to the move section bellow (probably overkill)

> The actual results will depend on the rules of the game, but we provide SimpleIsMoveValid()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The actual results will depend on the rules of the game, but we provide the `SimpleIsMoveValid()` method
```

that handles basic match3 rules with no special or immovable pieces.

### `public abstract bool MakeMove(Move m)`
Instruct the game to make the given move. Returns true if the move was made.
Note that during training, a move that was marked as invalid may occasionally still be
requested. If this happens, it is safe to do nothing and request another move.

## Move struct

> The Move struct encapsulates a swap of two adjacent cells. To enumerate over all potential moves:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Move` struct encapsulates a swap of two adjacent cells. To enumerate over all potential moves:
```
It is not obvious to me why this code enumerates all of the Move possible. Maybe add some comments in the code.

Author: I'll rewrite this section to be clearer.

Author: I also renamed some methods for public consumption:
Move.NumEdgeIndices -> Move.NumPotentialMoves
Move.FromEdgeIndex -> Move.FromMoveIndex

```csharp
for (var index = 0; index < Move.NumEdgeIndices(NumRows, NumColumns); index++)
{
    var move = Move.FromEdgeIndex(index, NumRows, NumColumns);
}
```

> You can also construct a `Move` from a row, column, and direction.

Reviewer: Can you write what the constructor with those instructions looks like?

## `Match3Sensor` and `Match3SensorComponent` classes

> The `Match3Sensor` generates observations about the state using the AbstractBoard interface. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Match3Sensor` generates observations about the state using the `AbstractBoard` interface. You can
```

> # Match-3 Game Support

Reviewer: This document is not linked anywhere (not that I could see). I think we can link it from the examples page or from the com.unity.ml-agents.extensions.md page in the contents section

Author: Added links from the extensions readme
